<<<<<<< HEAD
Do "creationists" forget that there are differing creation stories in differing religions and cultures?

When asked do "creationists" forget that there are differing creation stories in differing religions and cultures, the short answer is no, they don't forget. In every religion there are different stories explaining the creation of the Universe. Whether it be the Olympian gods or the Christian God, EVERY religion accepts the idea of creationism. The difference being is HOW humanity was created. They all have the same basic belief that an omniscient being(s) created the universe, just HOW and WHEN they created the universe and humanity differs amongst religions. But overall yes, they do know that their are different creation theories amongst different religions, but they all share the same basic belief of creationism.wer and sexuality of a woman that is controlled and degraded to a maid.

I can't stand high heels.  What if we miss the train because she trips and falls?  What if we are being chased by a bear and she falls and gets eaten?  What if she rolls her ankle and can't play tennis with me anymore?  What if she gets mad at me and wants to kick me? What if it's dark in the house and she doesn't know I'm sleeping on the floor?Yeah...I'm just making it up at this point.  Seriously, I've never understood the point of high heels.  The most common response I get is that it makes her calfs look better.  Well, that's what shoulder shrugs are for!  Get some hand weights and do shoulder shrugs, and then you can get the benefits of high heels without needing high heels!  Kind of like putting a little sea salt in your water instead of buying Gatorade.

What you need to do is find a good shoe store, not a cheap one. For a good pair that are made well and will be comfortable you will be spending anywhere from $50 and up. Then when you go home slip on a sexy outfit and watch yourself in  a full mirror and walk. It is not only something you need to learn how to walk in, but you need to let your confidense shine through, that’s where your sex appeal helps you out. If you could practice with a high heel boots it would be better. They help keep your foot more secure. From my 25 yrs. experience of wearing heels these are the easiest to get used to and walk with confidense. You must be comfortable with the shoes in order to look good in them. Good luck

Yesterday evening at a demo day in Midtown, Jorge Cortell, the CEO of a healthcare startup and a self-described "hacker-hacktivist" took a creepshot of a female attendee's high heels and posted it his public Twitter account with the following caption: "Event supposed to be for entrepreneurs, VCs, but these heels (I've seen several like this)... WTF? #brainsnotrequired"

"I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot."--Marilyn Monroe
=======
Is BioShock Infinite the best game of this generation?

When we think is BioShock Infinite the best game of this generation, some of us will say substance, quality and heart. I'm sure Bioshock Infinite won't be the game I've played the most this generation. However, its story, characters, setting, and game play will definitely stand out as what I think is an experience that was of the most quality of any game I've played this current console generation. This game is fun, intelligent and was obviously made with extreme care, yearly installment games could learn from Bioshock infinite, that taking time with your game increases the experience.

When the first developers began trying to tell complex stories in their games they realised that they needed to create entirely new genres to do so. Text adventures and role-players achieved this aim very well but their compromise was the absence of any arcade style action. It soon became commonplace for action games to include stories too, but generally only via non-interactive cut scenes. BioShock Infinite though is not satisfied with any such compromise.

The tragedy of BioShock Infinite is that it’s a game of big ideas saddled to what amounts to a rehash of the experience of that first time you entered Rapture some six years ago. The architecture is different, the underlying philosophies espoused in audio journals tweaked, but the sum of the parts is the same, if delivered less well. Where BioShock was a frightening, oppressive experience that coupled the fear of what lurked around the next corner with an unquenchable desire to explore around that corner, BioShock Infinite’s Columbia lacks that magical draw. Infinite is not a bad game — it’s an extremely competent FPS that must be commended for sometimes taking on hard topics, creating an often beautifully realized world, and pushing the envelope of polish and story in video games in some important, key ways. I think you should play it.

When the first developers began trying to tell complex stories in their games they realised that they needed to create entirely new genres to do so. Text adventures and role-players achieved this aim very well but their compromise was the absence of any arcade style action. It soon became commonplace for action games to include stories too, but generally only via non-interactive cut scenes. BioShock Infinite though is not satisfied with any such compromise.

BioShock: Infinite came out last week, and everybody is talking about it for one simple reason: It's easily the best game in recent memory. That doesn't mean it's perfect, however. There are a host of issues that might scare you away from Infinite before and even while you're playing it. I want to address those issues as somebody who shared those same concerns. And I will spend the first page of this column doing so. There will be no spoilers on the first page, not counting the comments -- but then, if you're worried about spoilers, you should already be ducking the comment section like you owe it money.

"It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity."--Albert Einstein
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
