Connective Templates


GENERIC


So, the big -- the answer to this question is simple: Pay 4,000 bucks and come to TED. Or failing that, do the eight things


And this is essential to the progress of science, or exploration of what is possible. But it sort of creates this unfortunate situation where a tiny, tiny fraction of the world can actually participate in this exploration or can benefit from that technology. And something that motivates me, and what gets me really excited about my research, is when I see simple opportunities to drastically change that distribution and make the technology accessible to a much wider percentage of the population.


And that got me thinking.


In education, the one thing we know how to measure best is I.Q., but what if doing well in school and in life depends on much more than your ability to learn quickly and easily?


We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them. We need to measure whether we've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned.


I will change my life.


I want to change my life!


I don't want to let my parents down. I don't ever want to let my country down. Most importantly ... I don't want to let myself down.
But I love that.


There's still 97 percent, and either that 97 percent is empty or just full of surprises.


Tough thing to do.


I've been intrigued by this question


And some of you may argue,


In this case,


But the difference here is


 So, some of you most likely were here two years ago and


So one important difference is that


 Another even more important difference is that 


 But other than letting some of you live out your fantasy of 


So we see 


 Some of you may want 


And so, 


 And who knows, maybe in another 10 years 


Next thing we have to do, 


 Well, I didn't deceive you. You deceived yourself. Self-deception. That's when we convince ourselves that a lie is the truth. Sometimes it's hard to tell the two apart. 


The brain is very good at forgetting. Bad experiences are quickly forgotten. Bad experiences quickly disappear. Which is why in this vast and lonely cosmos, we are so wonderfully optimistic. 


And it doesn't matter how much information we're looking at, 


It doesn't make any difference because the only thing that 


And this really gets at some of these ideas about really doing away with those limits 


And if I can,


And it's doing that based on the content inside the images.


Now, what if


Think of this 


- x -


SPECIFIC


Importance
This issue is important because
We should appreciate its relevance.


Challenge
And the real challenge here is
Despite this issue being so prominent, we still face problems overcoming it.
This is still a problem.


Solution
One way to solve this would be
And how can we fix this? How about


Impact
If we do really do this, think about the impact it would have.
If we could do something like this, imagine the way it would change our lives.